Fetchart: use cover_art_url flex attr as a cover art source (#4778)
beetbox/beets: docs/changelog.rst

New features:

> * Added option use `cover_art_arl` as an album art source in the `fetchart` plugin.

Reviewer: Minor typo (missing "to", "arl" instead of "url") 👀

```suggestion
* Added option to use `cover_art_url` as an album art source in the `fetchart` plugin.
```
